feat: Packer directory-based template support and improvements (#1982)
cloudposse/atmos: website/docs/cli/commands/packer/packer-build.mdx

    <dt>`--template` <em>(alias `-t`)</em><em>(optional)</em></dt>
    <dd>

>         Packer template file or directory path. Defaults to `.` (current directory), which tells Packer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Packer template file or directory path. Defaults to `.` (component working directory), which tells Packer
```
